There's a mole
in CIA's New York operation.
Someone in the CIA is feeding intel
to Pyramid Security.
and I'll remind you...
that's where Colin's
girlfriend. Sarah. works.
- Are you the mole?
- No. Bill.
- Who is Sarah?
- I just needed her access.
There was never anything real.
Pyramid's just a middleman.
They sell
the stolen intelligence
to any rogue nation
looking to wreak havoc.
I think this mole operation
is responsible
for Toni's death in the Philippines.
Toni wasn't just my partner.
She was the love of my life.
It was never
about just finding one person.
We need to figure out
who recruited Kevin.
The doctor just
adjusted his meds.
Code blue. Code blue.
That's not a doctor.
That's Toni.
She's alive.
Hold on.
- Don't tell me.
- They're doves...
Ah. ah. don't tell me.
Uh...
You all got them on a trip
to Tulum with the girls.
Am I such a cliché to you?
Oh.
Ah.
Okay. so it was just me
and my dad as a kid.
with a shoe box apartment...
it wasn't much. but...
he had these doves on the roof.
You never mentioned
your dad before. not once.
Yeah.
what does that tell you?
That we've probably got more
in common than you think.
He wasn't very caring
or kind.
But with the birds...
I used to wish
I was one of them.
Why. 'cause he cared
for them?
Because they were free.
You leaving so soon. hmm?
We've still got two hours
till we have to meet him.
We can get so much done
in two hours.
- Oh. so much?
- Mm-hmm.
I need to run SDR.
Worried I spotted
surveillance yesterday.
Okay.
Well. I can come with you.
- You'll slow me down.
- Mean.
3:30.
Don't be late.
- I'm never late.
- Oh.
Okay.
I'm not usually late.
We need to wait for Colin.
It's always the two of you.
He'll be here.
But you're nervous.
You're drawing attention.
Just start at the beginning.
There's this guy
down the hall from me
at Pyramid's Manila office.
He's been...
Someone at NICA is leaking
classified intelligence
to him. to us.
How long?
Eight months. maybe longer.
There's more.
More than Pyramid
running a mole
inside Philippine intelligence?
- Civilians died.
Intel leaked to a paramilitary
group in Davao City.
They bombed a fuel depot...
15 dead.
It's not just NICA.
CIA. MI6... Pyramid has people
placed everywhere.
You have names?
Any of the moles?
- Not yet.
You need a drink.
and so do I.
You did the right thing
bringing this to us.
If they find out what I've
said. Pyramid will kill me.
We're gonna keep you safe.
I am.
Two ube coladas. please.
You handled that well.
You're a long way
from home. Harry.
They got you
babysitting me now?
It's more like
a messenger service.
What's the message?
Well.
the situation's changed.
You're close to being made.
This asset isn't
the only one talking.
We need to cauterize this
before it spreads.
You're pulling me.
We've got other uses for you.
but you got to go off the grid.
Is Joanne calling
the shots here?
No. Joanne's busy.
I speak for Pyramid.
And Jacob. our asset?
Not so lucky. old Jacob.
We'll finish this conversation
in the car.
Hi.
I'm gonna call Colin.
Your CIA boyfriend.
Colin Glass. has nine lives.
Knowing him.
he was running late.
What are you talking about?
I'm not wearing a name tag.
It's Bureau visitor policy.
You'll get over it.
- Okay. listen. if they ask...
- Oh. they're gonna ask.
Okay. when they ask.
let me do the talking.
I don't have to politick
with these people.
Well. just play nice. please.
Okay.
Hey. guys.
Colin. Jubal Valentine.
Congratulations.
Congratulations
Thank you.
Provisional congratulations.
Well. it still counts
for something.
We asked Bill to identify
the bad actor
operating in New York Station.
and he did it.
Well. I didn't act alone...
result of the FBI and CIA
working together.
And yet. the mole is dead.
Whatever Kevin Turner knew
died with him.
Do we know who was running him?
We have a rough idea...
Pyramid Security.
A corporate security firm?
Come on.
They're aggressive.
but they don't cross the line.
All due respect. they did.
and they still are.
I mean. we believe they have
other sources...
Europe. maybe even here
in the U.S.
We're not finished
just because Turner is.
- And who took him out?
- Uh. we have names. possibles.
Oh. well. that's good.
Uh. you... you care to share or...
Not particularly. no.
Like Bill said. we believe
someone at Pyramid ran the play
and. uh. got rid of Turner
before he could expose them.
So congratulations.
You found your mole.
Get a suit ready
for the press conference...
not that tie. I hope.
It was a murder.
carried out in New York.
We're gonna need answers.
And if you can't get them.
the FBI will.
I'm sure...
Life is frustrating
sometimes.
Identifying the mole may have
been the FBI's purview.
but the fallout is ours
to manage.
So. uh. thank you.
You won't be seeing me again.
You just couldn't help
yourself. could you?
What?
They don't have to like me.
No. but you know
who it's all gonna fall on.
I'm perfectly capable
of burning my own bridges.
thank you.
Come on. don't pretend you
didn't enjoy it a little bit.
This is a weapons-grade
dumpster fire.
I don't even have the words.
We had a mole
operating under your nose
out of New York Station...
Kevin Turner... for a year?
Or more?
- We think maybe two.
We're still digging it out.
Toni Napier is alive.
She must be. seeing
as how she posed as a doctor
and murdered Turner
at St. Simon's Hospital
last night.
I want you
to bring her in alive.
If she's still being run by
Pyramid. she might have intel.
Langley wants us
to shut this breach down.
or else we all catch hell.
Understood.
That cock-up in Hong Kong
and now this...
you do not want this added
to your file.
Find Toni Napier.
So. uh. Toni Napier...
35 years old.
born in Red Lodge. Montana.
or so she said.
In 2015. she was recruited
by the CIA.
and then in 2021.
we were posted together
in Mindanao in the Philippines.
Our mission was to interrupt
the sale
of antiaircraft weapons
to terror cells.
We did good work.
I trusted her...
or some version of her.
So. when she survived
the explosion.
uh. you were there?
I was supposed to be.
I was...
a couple of minutes late.
Um. we were meeting. uh.
an asset.
and. uh. yeah...
yeah. the asset worked
at Pyramid Security.
He claimed that someone
down the hall from him
was buying intel from somebody
inside the Philippine
spy service
and was threatening to expose
the whole operation.
But then Toni
rigged the explosion.
and then she disappeared.
- No.
- No?
No. I mean...
I misjudged her.
clearly. but...
no. I was supposed
to be meeting her there.
She... she wouldn't...
She wouldn't have killed you
to cover her own tracks?
I'm still trying to get
my head around the fact
she's alive. Bill. so...
Okay. say she didn't rig
that place to blow.
Any idea who did?
- I don't know.
I don't know when she went bad.
I...
I guess she could have been
a double from the start.
One way to look at it is that
she still works for Pyramid.
and she never stopped
working for them.
even after
she was declared dead.
And they sent her
to kill him
so that we couldn't go in
and question him.
If that's true.
we have an opportunity.
We find her. get her
to do the right thing.
and shut down Pyramid's game
before
more innocent people die.
So where is she?
I did find three
known addresses for her...
when she lived in the city
when she was posted
to the New York Station
a decade ago. but...
- Run it down.
Find her.
0 for 3...
spoke to the tenants.
No one's seen anything unusual
the last few days.
Well. they wouldn't have.
She's gone to ground by now.
So then what are we doing?
Nikki said to run it down.
What. are you taking orders
all of a sudden?
When you can't find
true north.
you ask for directions.
don't you?
Okay.
Is there somewhere else?
I mean. Toni ever talk about
her time in New York City?
- No. No.
- Friends? Favorite places?
Anything you can remember?
- Just please stop. Bill.
What is the point?
Everything she told me
could have been a lie.
so what is the point?
The birds.
- Pigeons?
- Doves.
She was here.
Colin. no!
Hey! Don't.
Hey. stop.
He's dead.
Who is he?
Huh?
Why is he here?
Is he working with Toni?
I don't think
he was working with her.
Look.
Action item. sent from Bingham.
Bingham?
Who's Bingham?
Well. someone who wants
Toni dead. obviously.
Okay. I'm gonna get Nikki
to get a cleanup crew.
Come on. let's go.
Hey. hey. hey. you need
to take a breath. okay?
Appreciate the backup.
but you were just about
to tenderize a corpse.
I mean. I get it.
Toni's in danger.
You want to find her first.
confront her. get closure.
But there's something
bigger going on here.
and we don't have
all the answers.
so slow down
and get your head right.
Colin. you told me
FBI closes cases.
but you keep the world safe...
which one are we doing here?
I just want answers. mate.
Okay.
Let's go find them.
We combed every file Colin
got out of Pyramid...
found exactly no one
named Bingham.
We did. however. find reference
to a Project Bingham.
Oh. but the file
is encrypted.
We're still trying to crack it.
- Yeah.
There was only one contact
attached to it... Harry Tan.
He signed off on all payments
coded to the project.
Okay.
Impress me.
All right.
we've got Harold X Tan...
graduated Yale in '98.
entered the NSA's Intelligence
Analysis Development Program
straight out of college.
worked his way up
to data scientist.
specializing in intelligence
and cryptographic systems.
So he has access
to God knows what.
Yeah. until he was fired
in 2011
under a cloud of suspicion.
Security clearances
were revoked.
FBI investigated
but abandoned it.
Where he's at now...
I mean. who knows?
The guy's good
at staying undercover.
We can't find him.
So the guy we're scraping
off the roof...
Harry sent him for Toni?
- Yeah.
So that's Slater McAdams.
The Marines trained him
as a MARSOC Raider.
lent him out to Pyramid
for black-bag ops.
What... what are you thinking?
I'm thinking we need
to find Mr. Harry Tan.
He's got a contract out
on Toni.
We need to stop him
before he gets to her first.
Harry Tan?
No.
No. I never heard of him.
Toni never mentioned him.
- No? Or Project Bingham?
No. that either.
Nothing.
So what's our play here?
How are we gonna flush out Tan?
Well. I've still got
Slater's phone.
Look. Colin.
it's a Spanish handshake.
Yeah. Yeah.
He won't feel it. will he?
No. not until it's too late.
All right. uh...
"Grand Central Station.
1:00 p.m..
southwest corner
of the main concourse."
Send.
Okay. well...
No way. Is that him?
- Of course.
He needs confirmation
of the hit he just ordered.
All right.
he's saying he'll pick up
"The Wall Street Journal"
from the bottom of the pile.
That means they never met
before face-to-face.
That's how he's gonna
identify himself.
Okay. move quietly. take him
to one of the safe houses.
Copy.
Let's hope all the newspapers
aren't sold out
by the time he gets here.
Just trust the process. Bill.
Are you guys seeing
anything yet?
Just half of New York City
at the moment.
Oh. wait.
Uh. Nikki. I think
we got Harry Tan.
Okay. heads-up.
gray jacket and jeans.
That's got to be him.
Yeah. gray jacket
by the newsstand
- I'm moving in.
- Copy.
Bill. hold.
Bill. Bill. Bill.
Looks like he's got backup...
long gray hair.
Hold. hold. hold.
I'll deal with it.
Colin. be careful. now.
Hey. buddy. I'm sorry.
I'm. uh... I'm cleaning
right here.
Shots fired!
Shooter on the mezzanine level!
Hey! Freeze!
Let me see your hands!
Don't move!
Hands up!
Let me see your hands!
Move. move!
Out of the way!
Move!
Move. move. move. move!
Colin. we got Tan.
He's hit.
What's your 20?
Put the gun down. Toni.
Oh.
Oh. are you gonna kill me now
'cause you missed your chance
in Mindanao?
Is that what you think...
that you were the target?
I don't know
what to think anymore.
So why don't you put
the gun down and let's talk?
I can't.
I'm not finished.
Finished what?
Finished what. Toni?
You could have come to me.
You know I was out there
searching for you.
Why didn't you come to me?
This wasn't about you.
Toni! Toni!
You okay?
Get on the comms.
Tell them Toni Napier's
the shooter.
Do it!
You can't be
that smart. Harry.
if you only sent one man
to take her out... Toni.
I mean. I would have sent
a battalion. mate.
I don't know
what you're talking about.
Okay. Who ordered the hit
on Kevin Turner?
Oh. my God.
Screw you.
I've met a million versions
of you...
fake spies. for profit.
don't stand for anything.
I know when you meet
guys like me.
you think. oh.
you just don't get it. do you?
Do you?
Do you think you get it?
Where's Toni now?
Who ordered the hit
on Kevin Turner?
You know. when...
when she came to us...
found us. practically begged us
for the money...
Toni was dirty for so long.
I can't believe you
didn't catch on.
But then you were struck by.
what. her beauty?
Still gaga even after
she left you for dead
in a burning building?
Cuff his other hand. Bill.
Gladly.
Okay. what are you doing?
Hey.
What the hell...
I'm sure you've seen this
before. Harry.
It's not very pleasant.
Is he nuts?
Hey.
Okay. I'm gonna ask you
one more time...
who ordered the hit
on Kevin Turner?
Not fast enough. Harry.
Who ordered the hit on...
- She's gone rogue.
Nobody told her
to take Turner out.
She blamed him
for the explosion in Mindanao.
She's on a kill mission.
One of our executives
in Berlin...
four months ago.
she went off the grid.
An asset in Sao Paulo
drove his car off of a cliff
a month after that.
- I don't believe you.
Hand me my phone.
I am coming
for each and every last one
of you.
I want protection
and immunity
for what I know.
Toni Napier is alive?
I'm as shocked as you are.
Well. you cover
the surprise well.
Can we be honest
with one another?
Pyramid is hosting 200 people
on the lawn tomorrow.
We're taking on new clients.
It's a merger.
People want a party.
- Mm.
I'll give you five minutes.
We believe Toni
is targeting the event...
some kind of revenge tour.
You know all this.
- We're not afraid.
- We should cancel.
It's dangerous.
She's dangerous.
Our team can handle
the threat.
Oh?
Like you handled the situation
at Grand Central Station?
How many spies have you run?
They can't all take
the pressure. can they?
We knew that Toni was dirty
when she was posted
in the Philippines.
Are there any other
dirty assets out there?
What do you think our clients
pay us for. analysis?
They can get that anywhere.
They can get it on a city bus.
They pay us for information.
Hmm.
So you admit it.
Pyramid traffics
in stolen intelligence.
And the CIA
has never done the same?
I run an intelligence service.
just like you.
Some of our operatives
got out over their skis.
I am across it now.
I'm bringing these people
to heel. one by one.
Kevin Turner...
he was in my shop
while he's working for you.
We still don't know
how much damage he's done.
but today we can contain
this threat.
If you could.
you would have already.
Can you find your way out?
- Bill.
- Someone's been in my place.
How do you know?
Well. we never flip
the top lock.
Katie's almost home.
- Okay.
Uh. don't go in there.
Make yourself scarce.
Take her out for dinner
or something.
I'll come over
and deal with it.
How you gonna get
into my place?
Well. I've got keys.
haven't I. for an emergency.
- You have keys to my place?
- Yeah.
Well. we're gonna
discuss that later.
Let me know
if you find anything.
Yeah.
Hello. my love.
You've lost your touch.
Only took me half an hour
to find you.
So. um. question...
Did you know
I was gonna be late?
Or was the plan for me to die
in that explosion?
Why didn't you come to me
if you were in trouble?
I would have helped you
take them down.
I would have done anything
for you. Toni.
But I can't now. can I?
'Cause it's too late.
Too many people have died.
You know. um...
when I was sitting there
in the wreckage
watching you burn...
I could have fallen apart.
but I thought. no...
that's not the man you loved.
I decided...
in that moment
that the only way
that I could make sense
of this.
the only way that I could make
sense of us...
Was to find
the people responsible
and to make them pay.
I know you always thought of me
as a lousy mark. Toni...
but I really hope you listen
when I say you need to run.
You need to run far away.
and you never. ever come back.
because if I see you again...
I promise you. I will kill you.
I will kill you.
So we're risking our lives
to protect Pyramid's CEO
and a known traitor selling
state secrets for profit.
We're trying to stop
a rogue CIA agent.
We get to stop
an assassination. too.
I'm sure we'll all see it
reflected in our
massive year-end bonuses.
As for Joanne Kerkering. she's
trying to clean up her shop.
If we choose to believe her.
The risk is real.
She's hosting 200 guests... they
could be collateral damage.
It's not gonna be easy
to get in.
I mean. they have
private security detail.
It's not really a "slip
a bouncer a 20" type of thing.
What about Sarah Lloyd?
She works at Pyramid Security?
We can use her
to get eyes inside...
No. Bill. not happening.
Wasn't access
the whole point?
Not happening.
so just let it go.
Enough. Bill. you use
Sarah Lloyd as your way in.
Colin. we're gonna check the
vendor lists for a soft spot.
You're going in alone.
This is all
to bring Toni in alive.
If she doesn't show up.
you guys to get dressed up
and have a cocktail.
Okay. this is it.
Thank you.
You sure
they won't recognize you?
I'm about to find out.
Thanks for the invite.
You invited yourself.
technically.
- Hi.
- Can I have your invitation?
Hi.
Sarah Lloyd and guest.
Hey. guys.
would you like a photo?
Lovely.
Good stuff.
Thank you.
So what now?
Well. now we wait.
see if this person shows up.
Meantime.
let's enjoy the party.
Sure.
Thank you.
- Thank you.
How about we just
pretend. then?
Your specialty.
you and Colin... playing pretend.
I have to check on Max.
Do you have service?
No.
Let me see if I can find some.
Nikki. Gina. are you there?
Come in.
What's taking so long?
Why hasn't Bill checked in?
I don't know...
maybe whatever's jamming
the cell signal
is jamming the comms too.
Get Steve in here.
Maybe he can parse it.
You go check on Tan.
Maybe he can push
past the protocols.
Hurry.
- Yeah.
Let me guess.
She's. what. 5'8".
bright blue eyes?
Yeah?
Okay. I'll get you out.
But. honestly. you're safer
here at the moment.
Think of the workers' comp.
Big problem...
Harry Tan isn't gonna help us.
- Why not?
- Because he's on the run.
He just stabbed his nurse
and then brained a cop
in the stairwell
at the hospital on his way out.
That's not good.
No comms. no cell service.
and now this?
That's the third time
you've done that.
Hey. I'm supposed to be
the one on surveillance here.
Colin was supposed to check in.
- Colin's here?
- Yes.
I know what I told you.
I'm sorry.
Please wait here.
I'm gonna go find him.
I'm sure it's nothing.
That's a lie.
I'm not sure of anything.
But I'm gonna find out.
Tell me the truth now.
Thank you. Nikki.
I don't know what
you're talking about.
Please.
Did you order the bombing
in Mindanao?
Answer me!
- No.
Please.
Please help me.
Toni. you don't want
to do this.
You have no idea what I want.
Toni. lower your weapon.
'Cause you love how
that went last time. huh?
There must be an arrangement.
Shut up. Joanne.
I told you not to follow me.
- What the hell did you do?
- He was here to kill you.
This is insane.
Harry works for me.
Toni. drop your gun.
Now.
Project Bingham
is Harry Tan's
secret mole operation.
run through your company...
spies bought off with
your money across the globe.
That is the mess that
you're trying to clean up.
He has no intention
of stopping.
No!
Colin. don't.
Easy.
It won't change anything
if you do this.
I know what they've told you.
I know what you think of me.
but he was going to kill her.
I came to stop him.
All I want...
is to be free.
Those men. those investors
aren't here for a merger.
Any second now. they're gonna
come through there. kill her.
us. and anyone
that stands in their way.
No.
I put this all in place.
Colin...
it makes sense.
It's a coup.
Toni's telling us the truth.
We can't go out
the way we came in.
There's an old
bootlegger's tunnel.
It leads to the boathouse.
Sarah's still out there.
I'm not leaving without her.
I'll meet you there.
Let's go.
Come on.
- Hi.
There's no time.
We need to go right now.
- Is Bill okay?
- He's fine.
He's meeting us.
Come on. let's go. Let's go.
Come on.
You don't need that.
Just play it cool.
Aah!
Colin.
- Who are these people?
- Your coworkers.
Come on. let's go.
This way.
Daniel.
Sorry. ma'am.
We can't let you leave.
This is my house.
You're gonna have to talk
to Tan.
Fellas. I'm FBI.
Let's put away the guns.
all right?
Tan is dead.
- Bull.
Toni. your gun.
Guys. this is not smart.
Ground branch is on the way.
Deal with them
when they get here.
Bill.
- You okay?
- Yeah. Let's go.
Go. go.
I think it glanced a rib.
At least you don't have
to worry about it
bouncing off your heart.
That's actually
a very good joke.
All right. let's get moving
before they
start shooting again.
Well done. Bill.
You know. you impressed a lot
of people in this building
and in D.C..
and there is an open
ASAC position in Cleveland.
and they like you for it.
I don't...
I don't know what to say.
Well. it's a...
it's a big position.
and you'd be near your family.
Huh.
I mean. I have to talk it over
with my better half.
Mm-hmm.
Of course. yeah.
Might want to tell Katie too.
No. I'm just saying.
the guy is dreamy.
I get the appeal.
- So dreamy.
Man.
You can turn it down...
but only so many times.
Right.
What are you doing?
You should still be
in the hospital.
I'm fine.
It's just a flesh wound.
- You sure?
- Yeah.
A bit of an update...
they're sending her back in.
- Who is?
- That'd be your people. CIA.
Right.
Sorry. partner.
But. you know. if there's
one thing I learned this year.
it's that some assets
are more valuable in the field
than rotting
in some federal prison.
Hmm.
Partner. eh?
I thought you were being
double-promoted
to the Valhalla
that is Northeast Ohio.
Ah. come on.
and miss all the fun?
I'll see you in there.
Yeah.